Scientist: What do you want? 
Scientist: Get away from me, I'm ... busy. You're not even supposed to be here. 
Scientist: Exits over there, get lost.
Arnold: Well that was rude. 
Arnold: What could he possibly be working on, the most they do at this place is ...
Arnold: Well, what do they actually do here?

Researcher: Hm?
Researcher: Yes, what do you want ... wait who are you? 
Researcher: No matter, you best get going. There's no place for you here.
Arnold: Except I work here pal.

A computer screen faces Arnold. The screen is fairly dim. Attempts to brighten the screen fail, as if there isn't enough power to do so.
A log entry can still be made out on screen.
ATTENTION ALL CLASS 3 STAFF 
Please report to Area X once a day for your progress reports. Failure to do so will result in severe consequences.
Arnold: Area X? Never heard of it.
Arnold: How curious.

A holocube sits on a desk.
To Darius 
Do you even check your computer these days? You need to report downstairs ASAP. 
Do you even know where it is? Head downstairs, find the big green button, press it. 
Could've been more inconspicuous, but I guess we're lucky that humans are as ignorant as they are.
Abigail.
Arnold: Humans? Ignorant?
Arnold: ... wait.
Arnold: Did she refer to humans as 'humans'? What the hell?

Arnold: What the hell was that!
Arnold: Okay well here's the green button
Arnold presses the button
Arnold: Alright lets figure whats really going on here.

Scientist: Ah, hello there Mr Janitor!
Scientist: Sorry to say, but I am oh so terribly busy at the moment!
Arnold: Well he seemed happy. No one is ever happy here.
Arnold: Odd.

A log entry is open on the computer
TO HARRY MYLES 
FROM JOSEPH STONES
Harry, please refrain from singing while inside Area X.
The guards are being led to believe a dying cat is living in the facility, and you know how those guards can be.
Don't go and get yourself shot. We need you if our plan is to work.
Arnold: Armed guards? What the hell? And what plan? What is going on? 
Arnold: I need to learn to pay more attention.

Arnold wakes up in his workplace, unsure of what happened
Arnold: Ahh ... my head ... 
Arnold: ... what the hell. Am I at work?
Arnold: And whats this ... a gun?
Arnold: ...
Arnold: A GUN!?
Arnold: What the hell happened?
